---
layout: post
title: Progress Report 7
excerpt: "Seventh progress report in the series"
tags: [progress]
comments: false
category: blog
---


I had big plans for 'the additional info' screen for quite a while.
It was to have a generated story, telling about the quest or situation in which the found quote can occur.
I even have support for this in the skyrim-quote-dataset.

In this update, I implemented this, sort of.
The problem is: Many quest identifiers are not actual quests visible in the game, but are named 
`WIRemoveItem01 "Drop weapon, Guard extorts" [QUST:0002C6AB]`.
This is not good to show to the user. many of these items exist in the dataset, and are not easily or cleanly separated from actual quests.
To sort-of resolve this, we created many tests to check quest type before returning this extra info. 

Also, to better support dynamic loading, we removed config reading to find datasets.
If you would want to add a dataset, you would have to add a line in a config.
This is too much work.
So now, datasets are automatically loaded, if you make sure that your dynamic code is in a subdirectory of `dynamic`, with name `<SOME_NAME>`,
and your dataset in `datasets`, with name `<SOME_NAME>.dat`.

Finally, implemented a dark theme.

Now, all the implementations are complete. Now it is time for documentation, and bug fixing.

## TODO
The following things need to be worked on:
 * Documentation
 * Bug fixing

## Done
The following items are complete:
 * Construct dataset for The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim
 * Voice Activity Detection (VAD)
 * Text-to-speech implementation
 * Dataset with famous quotes
 * Main infrastructure
 * Main UI
 * Dynamic loading of datasets
 * Hyperlinking to relevant online pages
 * Play spoken quotes
 * Dark theme